Welcome to microsoft campus my name's the
...and today I have the opportunity to chat with satyanadella on
...ceo to asking some questions about his new role about the challenges
in the opportunity ahead for
microsoft satya let-me store by asking you who is satyanadella...
a little bit about yourself up forty six-years-old up been at microsoft for
twenty two of those forty six years have been married for
twenty two years your wife have known ever since high school we have three kids.
Like anyone else my experience...you know, and,
how I think is all been shaped I guess by my life's experience
and the one thing that I would say that defines to me is I love to learn
...get excited about new things I buy more books than I read
...sign up for more online courses than I can actually
finish but the thing about being able to watch people do great things
learn new concepts is something that truly excites me now ceo
of microsoft tell me...why did you want this role?
It's a question I...myself very deeply...the opportunity came up and,
when I think about the core
of why am here
is about impact in a software-powered world which
...know what's a better place than microsoft in terms of being able to take all of
...potential that we have in the hundred done
hundred thirty soon-to-be hundred thirty thousand people and apply
it to a world that's rapidly becoming more software driven and
there opportunity is what fundamentally drives me and got me to take this you know,
raise my hand for this job?
And, how did you feel when you offer the role when you when you accepted the role
Humbled.
Excited those with the three words that come to mind I mean you know,
we have tremendous opportunity and
that's inspiring and I m also grounded on a chat in
a challenges in fact that is the adventure
that and the constraint which also in fact creates I think
the competitive zeal in
me to be able to do great work and as you step into this role what do you see
is your primary focus...going really
outset first thing I want to do and focus on is ruthlessly remove
any obstacles that allows to innovate every individual in
organization to innovate and then focus all...innovation
...things that microsoft can uniquely do you know,
we are the company that enables people to do more
you to play,
you know, get more have more fun to create more so in some sense
we refer to ourselves is the do more company and I want us to be able to take that focus
and innovation forward and lastly I want every one of
us to find more meaning at work we spend far more dot...
too much diamond work for it not to have deep meaning you talked about this focus
on innovation where do you see the opportunities...microsoft.
...going forward it's a mobile-first cloud-first world
in other words everything is becoming digital and,
software driven so I think of the opportunities being
unbound it and,
we need to be able to pick the unique contribution that we want to
bring and that's where
our heritage of being having been the productivity company
to now being the do more company where we get every individual
and every organization to get more out of every moment of their
life is what we want to get focused on so let me close by
asking you why do you feel microsoft is going to be successful we
have the talent the resources and...severe and
it's like no one else has and then you take the added combine it with that
fact that the world going forward is more of a software-powered world
...devices and services I think we have the best platform to change the world
...such a it's been fantastic to talk to
...and we look forward to talking to again...much thank you.